nautobot.apps module, plugin developer docs -> app developer docs (#2877)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/plugins/development.md

Otherwise if using the pip install or Docker workflows, manually activate nautobot using `source /opt/nautobot/bin/activate`.

To install the app for development the following steps should be taken:

* Activate the Nautobot virtual environment (as detailed above)
* Navigate to the project root, where the `pyproject.toml` file exists for the app
* Execute the command `poetry install` to install the local package into the Nautobot virtual environment

!!! note
    Poetry installs the current project and its dependencies in editable mode (aka ["development mode"](https://setuptools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/userguide/development_mode.html)).

!!! important "This should be done in development environment"
    You should not use your production environment for app development. For information on getting started with a development environment, check out [Nautobot development guide](../development/getting-started.md).

```no-highlight
$ poetry install
```

Once the app has been installed, add it to the configuration for Nautobot:

```python
PLUGINS = ["animal_sounds"]
```

### Verify that the App is Installed

> In the Nautobot UI, navigate to **Plugins -> Installed Plugins**. The newly installed app should appear in the displayed table if everything is configured correctly. You can also click on the app's name in this table to view more detailed information about this app based on its NautobotAppConfig and other contents.

Reviewer: Nitpick

```suggestion
After restarting the Nautobot server, the newly installed app should appear in **Plugins -> Installed Plugins** if everything is configured correctly. You can also click on the app's name in this table to view more detailed information about this app based on its NautobotAppConfig and other contents.
```
